c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\obj\Debug\DocumentCentreTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\DocumentCentreTests.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\DocumentCentreTests.pdb
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Gallio.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Gallio40.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\MbUnit.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\MbUnit40.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\NHamcrest.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\NHamcrest.pdb
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\obj\Debug\DocumentCentreTests.dll
c:\users\msobat\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\obj\Debug\DocumentCentreTests.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Gallio.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Gallio.xml
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Gallio40.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\Gallio40.xml
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\MbUnit.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\MbUnit.xml
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\MbUnit40.pdb
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\MbUnit40.xml
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\msobat\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DocumentCentreTests\DocumentCentreTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
